Goals for product development: Company Growth

	Sell more lockers:
		Customization, feature to deal


	Better Venue/User Satisfaction:

	Accountibility:  Ensure who does what when.
		Cash Management
		PCI Compliance
		Better Security Features

	Scalability:

	MISC

	Improve Profitability on Exisitng Products


New Features, Specific:

	

Using paypal as a credit card processor in kiosk?

Options for Giving Change.
	Give a credit on a rental, how to do?  Receipt (24 hour delay before use, email the coupon, how to do this quickly?), user profiles.
Using NFC for remote access and/or the change issue noted above

Ability for a kiosk to take over for another kiosk if it fails

Quing Issue:
Mobile, Admin Stations

Extending Rentals:
How to interface with scheduling, how to pay, how to track and manage
Rules
24 hours after a non ended rental.  

FILO usage, when a locker is returned it is the last in the rental que

Checked out, but door accidently shut, adjustable reenter option

Sold out notifications, email

Notifications for paper low and bill acceptor full

Limit to reservation pool?  Considerations with turnover

UI design to as few screentouches

Mobile application to allow full usage of the system, web interface/application interface
More discussion needed on this from a technical standpoint

Floating rentals
Need some way to have no physical token to go from locker to locker
Vending wristbands to access floating
Post check out printing of the barcodes/coupon codes

ADA compliance research needed

Credentialled hardware access TSS area

Review Tom's new requested Admin Screens
Need for setting date parameters, run reports on a date range
Report need to include filters for:
	Venue type
	Day of the week
	Weekend/ weekdays
	Averages
	Locker Type/Size
	Detailed history as far back as we can go
System should not send automated reports unless there are events on the system to report
Venue card reporting should be it's own feature

admin button, access all, by venue, across the fleet

Settings for reporting notifications, like the android alarm app
No events, no report
Accesses Hardware.
Cash Reset
Nightly Report
Abandoned Lockers
Printer Low
Cash getting full
Sellout
Loss of connectivity
Door broken open?
Lost communication with doors

"Command Central"

Cumulative reporting

Events need to capture the means of opening (i.e. Kiosk, mobile device, etc.)

Centralized reporting, 
cumulative data capture
sorting by venue, date, events ect

Log time spent doing repairs/service

Reports/Main Screen need to include usage and occupancy



















